feat: explain how to configure Caddy (#1531)
api-platform/docs: distribution/caddy.md

# Configuring the Caddy Web Server

[The API Platform distribution](index.md) is shipped with [the Caddy web server](https://caddyserver.com).
The build contains the [Mercure](../core/mercure.md) and the [Vulcain](https://vulcain.rocks) Caddy modules.

Caddy is positioned in front of the web API and of the Progressive Web App.
It routes requests to either service depending on the value of the `Accept` HTTP header or the extension
of the requested file.

Using the same domain to serve the API and the PWA [improves performance by preventing unnecessary CORS preflight requests
and encourages embracing the REST principles](https://dunglas.fr/2022/01/preventing-cors-preflight-requests-using-content-negotiation/).

> By default, requests having an `Accept` request header containing the `text/html` media type are routed to the Next.js application,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, requests having an `Accept` request header containing the `text/html` media type are routed to the Progressive Web App,
```

Author: The distribution only includes Next.js
